Hi, I'm Mayo Gomez and in this video,
I'm going to tell you how to improve your performance
sports with these 5 keys we started
or not
The first key compromise with you is
vital a firm commitment decided with
security makes you feel very much
stronger with a lot more energy if
forms part of a team if all
members are also really
committed to the goal is no longer going to
being a team is going to be something very much
stronger so you know creates a
really strong commitment and whatever
pass with yourself the second key in
discipline gives you freedom yes I know
that sometimes sounds a little weird because
we have the word discipline associated
with something negative and it's time that
change because when you really are
committed to what you are doing
you are disciplined and that is going to make you
become whoever you want to be, that's why
discipline gives you freedom let's
change that negative connotation and we're going
to give it the strength that that discipline
is going to lead you to get those
results since you are the person who
you want to be
the third key uses your imagination the
imagination is a very tool
powerful when it comes to sports and
above all time to get good
results is not just about imagining
to visualize how many times we follow
it's also about feeling that
we are visualizing if you are
preparing for a sports career and
You want to win it because it visualizes you
passing that goal as a winner and not only
Imagine passing it but you feel those
sensations that you would feel and gain
when we really make people feel
our body that feeling our
mind what he's going to do is pursue that
objective so that we really feel it
since our mind does not know how to differentiate
between what is real and what is
imagination so visualization is
a great tool to win in
trust and to feel what we want
get
the fourth key leads the leadership is
something fundamental to mark the
difference when you feel leader of what
what you do in each moment in each
competition in each training
you maintain that attitude of triumph that
leadership attitude you feel
much more energetic with much more
clarity and with much more determination
if you are part of a team it is also
fundamental that you show your leadership
because with that what you will be doing
is to bring out the best in your classmates and
they seeing that example will take their
part more leader imagine if all the
world had that idea that commitment and
that leadership put on the track put
in every situation how can you
imagine the results are very
different
and the fifth key win or lose are
just as impostors win or lose is a
result is a consequence of what
you've done that's why it does not have that much value
how it looks
the important thing is that you give it your best shot
same because there the result
it will simply be a consequence if you
you give the best and you do not get that triumph
it simply analyzes that you can improve and
keep giving the best you really
You will feel great because in many
occasions having that victory of having
got that does not give you the best
feeling if you have not given the best for
that has pending the result but have
very present to give the best of yourself
there yes that there are no impostors are you and
your maximum performance thanks for being
I hope that they start up these
five keys for your performance
sporting shoots to another level the
success in sports is not pursued
that is attracted because you become day to
day gives the best of you starts up
these five keys and raise your
performance to another level one level
superior you already know that you can share
with us and ask us questions
our social networks
on youtube on facebook on twitter and on
interest and if you want to leave some
Comment below this video
just leave us and you
we will answer as soon as possible thanks
for being there he continues to train and continues
being the winner that you have inside
of you until the next video see you later